how's it going you guys my name is
frisky shotgun and today I'm doing
something a little bit different this is
a tutorial on how to get the new stone
brick texture into survival mode right
now it's only in creative mode it's in
your little inventory and again I'm in
creative but there is a way to get it
into survival mode without mods or
hacking so right here we have this
little contraption and I have no idea
how it works I don't know why the
Redstone causes it to act this way and
to do this but I did watch a tutorial on
it so uh all credits of this video go to
auto 42 42 or 24 24 i'm not too sure i
watch this tutorial and i would have
known how to do this without that so go
watch this video that will explain how
to make this so all you need to know
here is that each block has a block ID
so for example cobblestone would be four
that's just the code number that's
correspondent with cobblestone and now
some blocks have data values for example
wool is wolves block ID is 35 but since
there's orange wool and a whole bunch
other wolves orange will would be 35
with the value of one and then Magenta's
to when it goes on and on so every block
that has data values are blocks that
it's hard to explain blocks with data
values are blocks such as wood where say
for example we have birch wood and
normal would they both have the exact
same properties except the only
difference is that they have a different
texture so the act the exact same way so
notch and Jeb instead of actually adding
a whole bunch of new blocks they just
added in beta values so we're going to
show you how to change those data values
and all you got to do is say if we want
to change the color of wool say we've
got white wool and we don't were too
lazy to go and get die oh we all you do
is put the wool here put a redstone over
there and I'm led to believe this is a
glitch or a bug just because I don't
think you can it's really meant to do
this but anyways so now we're going to
place water and where you place the
water depends on what data value you're
changing for example if you do it right
up
one block away then I'll give this
orange will because it's the value of
one so with that we can kind of kind of
predict which ones we want so we'll do
that again and say we want say we want
yellow wool so this would be zero white
one two three four so now if we go four
blocks away one two three four right
here there's f5 let's try to okay so
yeah that give us Y LOL and now
obviously for the moment you've been
waiting for we can change this into the
normal stone brick and in your inventory
I didn't mention this um it's in the
order of the data values so this is zero
mossies one cracked is two and this one
would be three so we'll go three blocks
away one two three and there you go we
got the new texture which is awesome you
know we can do it again if we want mossy
instead of trying to go and find a
stronghold this would be much easier so
yeah that's pretty much how it works I
don't know if you consider this cheating
or not I wouldn't personally just
because if you're not using any mods or
hacks or any way of in enhancing
minecraft I don't think it's really
cheating you know you're using
everything in the game and if notch and
Jeb don't like that then they can change
that so yeah I would consider it legit
all right now over here what we have
with this cobblestone mess is actually
made a sort of machine that
automatically changed is it and you know
which one you're going to change so I
made this little chart on here it has a
whole bunch so all you gotta do is
actually i'll tell you how it works
first so each button here corresponds to
a floodgate up here there is a whole
bunch so say if I pressed the first one
being orange wool and mossy stone and
Sam stone
dark wood what do we do is it raised
this lever and then the water would fall
on the data value one spot so then that
give me that wolf so for example say if
I want to change white wool into lime
green ville I just press this button it
opens the floodgate puts the water right
there and it gives me Greenville same
thing goes for stone brick if I want
cracked all i gotta do is press that
button and there you go and now this
also works with double slabs not not
single slabs they have to be one on top
of another so if I wanted to change
cobblestone into let's say brick all
have to do is I place that there and
there you go brick and so you could
actually kind of cheat your way into
changing cobblestone into brick just by
you know using double slabs and another
cool thing that I find which is kind of
funny let's just say we don't like wood
and we want double slab so it'll
actually happen stone slabs if the press
this button and I want to change it to
stone slabs it will actually like a
merge into one block which is actually
kind of neat there's no line in between
that's just one sounds kind of cool i'll
do another example here with wood I
don't like birch wood I want jungle wood
i just press that button it lines up
there and there you go jungle wood so
thank you guys for watching this
redstone mechanism it actually took me
quite a while as you can see but it's
pretty cool um I don't think I put it in
a normal survival mode world just
because I'd be really hard with all the
redstone but anyways thank you guys for
watching I hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial and other than that see you
guys later